---
layout: post
title: My goals as a Frontend developer
---

GOALS! WE GOT GOALS! Creating goals when studying coding is a neccecity, you learn a lot and fast so accomplishing goals can be easier than you think. When I wrote my first line of code it was jut to print my name on a console.log  I felt so accomplished like I was actually starting this journey and that was without a doubt my first goal. I know it's the most basic thing now, but last year it was a milestone. Part of my decision to join Bloc's apprenticeship was because they were focused on teaching you the neccesary skils needed to land a job in the development field. This is a big motivator for me to work hard because the end goal for me is to find a career in the Web Development field and hopefully one day start my own online business or consulting firm. Before I started my journey in coding I was a business developer, photographer, marketing coordinator and I worked for couple App start ups and my main objective was to maintain and expand the businesses. I relized the hard way that our whole business is dependent on these corporate developers that make the changes to the app and actually developed it in the first place. Even if my clients tell me they need to change a price for an item on the app, I still have to be the messenger to the developer and then it's out of my control. Even if I as the account executive could be sharp and attentive to my clients, but at the end of the day if the developer doesn't make the changes timely I get affected and the client does too. This made me realize that in the world we live in today is made up of CODE and if we don't know how to write it we are going to have to outsource it to someone else. I want to create and publish my own app and never be oblivious to what is behind the apps and websties we browse everyday.